tagCompA001NameDGA=Wanez Spined Carapace
tagCompA002NameDGA=Wanez Ballistic Plating
tagCompA003NameDGA=Wanez Sanctified Bone
tagCompA004NameDGA=Wanez Leathery Hide
tagCompA005NameDGA=Wanez Runestone
tagCompA006NameDGA=Wanez Mutagenic Ichor
tagCompA007NameDGA=Wanez Rotten Heart
tagCompA008NameDGA=Wanez Mutated Scales
tagCompA009NameDGA=Wanez Corpse Dust
tagCompA010NameDGA=Wanez Soul Shard
agCompA011NameDGA=Wanez Ectoplasm
tagCompA012NameDGA=Wanez Blessed Steel
tagCompA013NameDGA=Wanez Venomous Fang
tagCompA014NameDGA=Wanez Purified Salt
tagCompA015NameDGA=Wanez Hollowed Fang
tagCompA016NameDGA=Wanez Severed Claw
agCompA017NameDGA=Wanez Imbued Silver
tagCompA018NameDGA=Wanez Vicious Spikes
tagCompA019NameDGA=Wanez Radiant Gem
tagCompA020NameDGA=Wanez Hell's Bane Ammo
tagCompA021NameDGA=Wanez Deathchill Bolts
tagCompA022NameDGA=Wanez Aether Soul
tagCompA023NameDGA=Wanez Rigid Shell
tagCompA024NameDGA=Wanez Molten Skin
tagCompA025NameDGA=Wanez Enchanted Flint
tagCompA026NameDGA=Wanez Coldstone
tagCompA027NameDGA=Wanez Amber
tagCompA028NameDGA=Wanez Vitriolic Gallstone
tagCompA029NameDGA=Wanez Blessed Whetstone
tagCompA030NameDGA=Wanez Silk Swatch
tagCompA031NameDGA=Wanez Scaled Hide
tagCompA032NameDGA=Wanez Flintcore Bolts
tagCompA033NameDGA=Wanez Venom-Tipped Ammo
tagCompA034NameDGA=Wanez Mark of the Traveler
tagCompA035NameDGA=Wanez Consecrated Wrappings
tagCompA036NameDGA=Wanez Restless Remains
tagCompA037NameDGA=Wanez Dense Fur
tagCompA038NameDGA=Wanez Serrated Spike
tagCompA039NameDGA=Wanez Searing Ember
tagCompA040NameDGA=Wanez Chilled Steel
tagCompA041NameDGA=Wanez Cracked Lodestone
tagCompA042NameDGA=Wanez Chipped Claw
tagCompA043NameDGA=Wanez Scavenged Plating
tagCompA044NameDGA=Wanez Bristly Fur
tagCompA045NameDGA=Wanez Resilient Plating
tagCompA046NameDGA=Wanez Polished Emerald
tagCompA047NameDGA=Wanez Frozen Heart
tagCompA048NameDGA=Wanez Roiling Blood
tagCompA049NameDGA=Wanez Wardstone
tagCompA050NameDGA=Wanez Focusing Prism
tagCompA051NameDGA=Wanez Black Tallow
tagCompA052NameDGA=Wanez Vengeful Wraith
tagCompA053NameDGA=Wanez Mark of Illusions
tagCompA054NameDGA=Wanez Vicious Jawbone
tagCompA055NameDGA=Wanez Wrathstone
tagCompA056NameDGA=Wanez Riftstone
tagCompA057NameDGA=Wanez Aethersteel Bolts
tagCompA058NameDGA=Wanez Void-Touched Ammo
tagCompA059NameDGA=Wanez Reinforced Shell
tagCompA060NameDGA=Wanez Battered Shell
tagCompA061NameDGA=Wanez Antivenom Salve
tagCompA062NameDGA=Wanez Serrated Shell
tagCompB001NameDGA=Wanez ^kBindings of Bysmiel
tagCompB002NameDGA=Wanez ^kChains of Oleron
tagCompB003NameDGA=Wanez ^kHallowed Ground
tagCompB004NameDGA=Wanez ^kPrismatic Diamond
tagCompB005NameDGA=Wanez ^kSpellwoven Threads
tagCompB006NameDGA=Wanez ^kUnholy Inscription
tagCompB007NameDGA=Wanez ^kAncient Armor Plate
tagCompB008NameDGA=Wanez ^kArcane Lens
tagCompB009NameDGA=Wanez ^kDevil-Touched Ammo
tagCompB010NameDGA=Wanez ^kSilvercore Bolts
tagCompB011NameDGA=Wanez ^kSymbol of Solael
tagCompB012NameDGA=Wanez ^kMark of Dreeg
tagCompB013NameDGA=Wanez ^kHaunted Steel
tagCompB014NameDGA=Wanez ^kShard of Beronath
tagCompB015NameDGA=Wanez ^kBloody Whetstone
tagCompB016NameDGA=Wanez ^kAttuned Lodestone
tagCompB017NameDGA=Wanez ^kMark of Mogdrogen
tagCompB018NameDGA=Wanez ^kDread Skull
tagCompB019NameDGA=Wanez ^kArcane Spark
tagCompB020NameDGA=Wanez ^kMark of the Myrmidon
tagCompB021NameDGA=Wanez ^kOleron's Blood
tagCompB022NameDGA=Wanez ^kKilrian's Shattered Soul
tagCompAetherCrystalDGA=Wanez Aether Crystal