#NAME COMBINATIONS


#SOLDIER
tagSkillClassName0102=^tCommando
tagSkillClassName0103=^tWitchblade
tagSkillClassName0104=^tBlademaster
tagSkillClassName0105=^tSpellsword
tagSkillClassName0106=^tSpirit Guard
tagSkillClassName0107=^tReaper
tagSkillClassName0108=^tDragoon
tagSkillClassName0109=^tDeath Knight
tagSkillClassName0110=^tOrder of Bulwark
tagSkillClassName0111=^tIce Lord
tagSkillClassName0112=^tRadiant Shield
tagSkillClassName0113=^tDoombringer
tagSkillClassName0114=^tCorrupted
tagSkillClassName0115=^tPretender
#agSkillClassName0115=^tPretender
tagSkillClassName0116=^tCenturion
tagSkillClassName0117=^tHoplite
tagSkillClassName0118=^tEmphatic Apparition
tagSkillClassName0119=^tWarrior
tagSkillClassName0120=^tBeastmaster
tagSkillClassName0121=^tChaser
tagSkillClassName0122=^tBastion
tagSkillClassName0123=^tTempest
tagSkillClassName0124=^tDream Striker
tagSkillClassName0125=^tIdealist
tagSkillClassName0126=^tAcolyte
tagSkillClassName0127=^tBilly Badass
#tagSkillClassName0127=^tMilitary Engineer
tagSkillClassName0128=^tPaladin
tagSkillClassName0129=^tWitch Warrior
tagSkillClassName0130=^tInquisition's Hammer

#DEMO
tagSkillClassName0203=^tPyromancer
tagSkillClassName0204=^tSaboteur
tagSkillClassName0205=[ms]Sorcerer[fs]Sorceress
tagSkillClassName0206=^tElementalist
tagSkillClassName0207=^tEfreet
tagSkillClassName0208=^tGunslinger
tagSkillClassName0209=[ms]Infernus[fs]Inferna
tagSkillClassName0210=^tHuoshi
tagSkillClassName0211=^tForstburn Trooper
tagSkillClassName0212=^tPyrokinetic
tagSkillClassName0213=^tHorror
tagSkillClassName0214=^tTerror
tagSkillClassName0215=^tSharper
tagSkillClassName0216=^tMechanic
tagSkillClassName0217=^tTrapper
tagSkillClassName0218=^tMaleficar
tagSkillClassName0219=^tPyrotechnician
tagSkillClassName0220=^tWugushi
tagSkillClassName0221=^tRebel
tagSkillClassName0222=^tDevastator
tagSkillClassName0223=^tStormcutter
tagSkillClassName0224=^tDreamcutter
tagSkillClassName0225=^tStarfire
tagSkillClassName0226=^tSacred Flame
tagSkillClassName0227=^tSapper
#tagSkillClassName0227=^tMunitions Expert
tagSkillClassName0228=^tVanguard
tagSkillClassName0229=^tPyrodoctor
tagSkillClassName0230=^tPhoenix

#OCCULTIST
tagSkillClassName0304=^tWitch Hunter
tagSkillClassName0305=^tWarlock
tagSkillClassName0306=^[ms]Witcher[fs]Witch
tagSkillClassName0307=^tDemonologist
tagSkillClassName0308=^tDemon Hunter
tagSkillClassName0309=^tRiftmancer
tagSkillClassName0310=^tOrder of Cthon
tagSkillClassName0311=^tSkullknight
tagSkillClassName0312=^tBlood Elemental
tagSkillClassName0313=^tHexblade
tagSkillClassName0314=^tCthonic Lich
tagSkillClassName0315=^tMystic
tagSkillClassName0316=^tBlighter
tagSkillClassName0317=^tBloodreaver
tagSkillClassName0318=^tTheurgist
tagSkillClassName0319=^tJusticar
tagSkillClassName0320=^tPlague Doctor
tagSkillClassName0321=^tFleshshaper
tagSkillClassName0322=^tWitch Doctor
tagSkillClassName0323=^tBloodrain
tagSkillClassName0324=^tCabalist
tagSkillClassName0325=^tPsionicist
tagSkillClassName0326=^tMinstrel
tagSkillClassName0327=^tBoogeyman
#tagSkillClassName0327=^tWarper
tagSkillClassName0328=^tThe Doubting One
tagSkillClassName0329=^tSubjugator
tagSkillClassName0330=^tSky Fallen

#NIGHTBLADE
tagSkillClassName0405=^tSpellbreaker
tagSkillClassName0406=^tTrickster
tagSkillClassName0407=^tDread Assassin
tagSkillClassName0408=^tStalker
tagSkillClassName0409=^tMystic Assassin
tagSkillClassName0410=^tOrder of Shadows
tagSkillClassName0411=^tShadow Knight
tagSkillClassName0412=^tWizard Slayer
tagSkillClassName0413=^tTerrorblade
tagSkillClassName0414=[ms]Incubus[fs]Succubus
tagSkillClassName0415=^tPhantom
tagSkillClassName0416=^tBlackguard
tagSkillClassName0417=^tFiendhunter
tagSkillClassName0418=^tWithering Shadow
tagSkillClassName0419=^tSword Master
tagSkillClassName0420=^tEmissary
tagSkillClassName0421=^tAssassin
tagSkillClassName0422=^tStratoblade
tagSkillClassName0423=^tAzurewrath
tagSkillClassName0424=^tPlaneshifter
tagSkillClassName0425=^tStarblade
tagSkillClassName0426=^tSpellblade
tagSkillClassName0427=^tHitman
#tagSkillClassName0427=^tDiversionist
tagSkillClassName0428=^tAnathema
tagSkillClassName0429=^tSpiritual Slayer
tagSkillClassName0430=^tBlade Archon

#ARCANIST
tagSkillClassName0506=^tDruid
tagSkillClassName0507=^tArch Wizard
tagSkillClassName0508=^tArcane Archer
tagSkillClassName0509=^tChanneler
tagSkillClassName0510=^tOrder of Aetheria
tagSkillClassName0511=^tFrost Magister
tagSkillClassName0512=^tArchon
tagSkillClassName0513=^tEldritch Knight
tagSkillClassName0514=^tAetherial Lich
tagSkillClassName0515=^tMirage
tagSkillClassName0516=^tShieldmage
tagSkillClassName0517=^tArcane Tracker
tagSkillClassName0518=^tExorcist
tagSkillClassName0519=^tBattlemage
tagSkillClassName0520=^tAvatar of Life
tagSkillClassName0521=^tArcane Assassin
tagSkillClassName0522=^tAvatar of Flame
tagSkillClassName0523=^tAvatar of Thunder
tagSkillClassName0524=^tProdigy
tagSkillClassName0525=^tAstrologer
tagSkillClassName0526=^tSpellweaver
tagSkillClassName0527=[ms]Valkre[fs]Valkrie
#tagSkillClassName0527=^tInventor
tagSkillClassName0528=^tInquisitor
tagSkillClassName0529=^tArcane Doctor
tagSkillClassName0530=^tMagister

#SHAMAN
tagSkillClassName0607=^tSpirit Walker
tagSkillClassName0608=^tWarder
tagSkillClassName0609=^tHedge Wizard
tagSkillClassName0610=^tFist of Fury
tagSkillClassName0611=^tIce Warden
tagSkillClassName0612=^tElements Keeper
tagSkillClassName0613=^tWrath Knight
tagSkillClassName0614=^tOsteomancer
tagSkillClassName0615=^tMindbender
tagSkillClassName0616=^tWarlord
tagSkillClassName0617=^tStorm Rider
tagSkillClassName0618=^tConfessor
tagSkillClassName0619=^tChieftain
tagSkillClassName0620=^tShapeshifter
tagSkillClassName0621=^tMarauder
tagSkillClassName0622=^tVulcanist
tagSkillClassName0623=^tStormcaller
tagSkillClassName0624=^tSadhu
tagSkillClassName0625=^tSwami
tagSkillClassName0626=^tAuramancer
tagSkillClassName0627=^tGuerilla
#tagSkillClassName0627=^tWayward Inventor
tagSkillClassName0628=^tSpirit Shield
tagSkillClassName0629=^tBeastmaster
tagSkillClassName0630=^tIxion

#NECRO
tagSkillClassName0708=^tWitcher
tagSkillClassName0709=^tLich
tagSkillClassName0710=^tOrder of the Dead
tagSkillClassName0711=^tFrost Death Knight
tagSkillClassName0712=^tDeath Elemental
tagSkillClassName0713=^tDreadful Revenant
tagSkillClassName0714=^tDemi-Lich
tagSkillClassName0715=^tPhantasm
tagSkillClassName0716=^tTomb Warden
tagSkillClassName0717=^tBonehunter
tagSkillClassName0718=^tAnimancer
tagSkillClassName0719=^tAsh Warrior
tagSkillClassName0720=^tChloromancer
tagSkillClassName0721=^tAsh Wraith
tagSkillClassName0722=^tGravedigger
tagSkillClassName0723=^tStorm Wraith
tagSkillClassName0724=^tBoneweaver
tagSkillClassName0725=^tVoidcaster
tagSkillClassName0726=^tPale Charmer
tagSkillClassName0727=^tBig Boned
#tagSkillClassName0727=^tNecrotechnomancer
tagSkillClassName0728=^tFallen Champion
tagSkillClassName0729=^tPuppet Master
tagSkillClassName0730=^tDeath Mystic

#RANGER
tagSkillClassName0809=^tMystic Ranger
tagSkillClassName0810=^tOrder of the Bow
tagSkillClassName0811=^tFrost Warden
tagSkillClassName0812=^tPrismatic Warden
tagSkillClassName0813=^tHex Warden
tagSkillClassName0814=^tUnholy Archer
tagSkillClassName0815=^tFey Trickster
tagSkillClassName0816=^tDreadnaught
tagSkillClassName0817=^tDeadeye
tagSkillClassName0818=^tSoul Hunter
tagSkillClassName0819=^tMarksman
tagSkillClassName0820=^tFalconer
tagSkillClassName0821=^tShadehunter
tagSkillClassName0822=^tPathfinder
tagSkillClassName0823=^tWindstorm
tagSkillClassName0824=^tTormentor
tagSkillClassName0825=^tHorizon Walker
tagSkillClassName0826=^tNature Whisperer
tagSkillClassName0827=^tSpecial Forces
#tagSkillClassName0827=^tCombat Engineer
tagSkillClassName0828=[ms]Battle Priest[fs]Battle Priestess
tagSkillClassName0829=^tCursed Arrow
tagSkillClassName0830=^tMoonscythe

#CORONUS
tagSkillClassName0910=^tDemiurge
tagSkillClassName0911=^tLegionnaire
tagSkillClassName0912=^tMaster of The Elements
tagSkillClassName0913=^tOverlord
tagSkillClassName0914=^tArch Lich
tagSkillClassName0915=^tShadow Binder
#tagSkillClassName0915=^tShadow Binder
tagSkillClassName0916=^tFlesh Guardian
tagSkillClassName0917=^tOverseer
tagSkillClassName0918=^tSoul-Binder
tagSkillClassName0919=^tTainted Vanguard
tagSkillClassName0920=^tPoxbane
tagSkillClassName0921=^tDark Commander
tagSkillClassName0922=^tGrave Lord
tagSkillClassName0923=^tSusanoo
tagSkillClassName0924=^tMediator
tagSkillClassName0925=^tEmpyrean Shroud
tagSkillClassName0926=[ms]Orpheus[fs]Orpheya
tagSkillClassName0927=^tPuppeteer
#tagSkillClassName0927=^tReanimator
tagSkillClassName0928=^tLimbo Warden
tagSkillClassName0929=^tPuppet Master
tagSkillClassName0930=^tVoid Channeler

#FANGSHI
tagSkillClassName1011=^tOrder of the Frost
tagSkillClassName1012=^tChi Master
tagSkillClassName1013=^tDanshi
tagSkillClassName1014=^tFist of Final Verdict
tagSkillClassName1015=^tOrder of the Eye
tagSkillClassName1016=^tOrder of the Arm
tagSkillClassName1017=^tOrder of the Hunt
tagSkillClassName1018=^tChakra Master
tagSkillClassName1019=^tKensai
tagSkillClassName1020=^tHermit
tagSkillClassName1021=^tOrder of Shadow
tagSkillClassName1022=^tFist of Justice
tagSkillClassName1023=^tFist of Wrath
tagSkillClassName1024=^tDream Walker
tagSkillClassName1025=^tKleromant
tagSkillClassName1026=^tBushi
tagSkillClassName1027=^tBladedancer
#tagSkillClassName1027=^tArtificer
tagSkillClassName1028=^tDaoshi
tagSkillClassName1029=^tDark Chi
tagSkillClassName1030=^tOrder of the Nether

#FROST KNIGHT
tagSkillClassName1112=^tCryomancer
tagSkillClassName1113=^tFrostmare
tagSkillClassName1114=^tHypothermist
tagSkillClassName1115=^tAurora Knight
tagSkillClassName1116=^tRimeguard
tagSkillClassName1117=^tMistrover
tagSkillClassName1118=^tFrost Revenant
tagSkillClassName1119=^tFrostbringer
tagSkillClassName1120=^tTaiga
tagSkillClassName1121=^tSwashbuckler
tagSkillClassName1122=^tAvalanche
tagSkillClassName1123=^tMaelstorm
tagSkillClassName1124=^tCryokineticist
tagSkillClassName1125=^tStellar Crystalist
tagSkillClassName1126=^tWinter Doctor
tagSkillClassName1127=^tCold Blooded Killer
#tagSkillClassName1127=^tWinter Technician
tagSkillClassName1128=^tBoreal Paladin
tagSkillClassName1129=^tCursed Cold
tagSkillClassName1130=^tNether Knight

#ELEMENTALIST
tagSkillClassName1213=^tDistressor
tagSkillClassName1214=^tInvoker
tagSkillClassName1215=^tElemental Preemptor
tagSkillClassName1216=^tAegis of Elements
tagSkillClassName1217=^tConflux Sentinel
tagSkillClassName1218=^tOnmyoji
tagSkillClassName1219=^tDervish
tagSkillClassName1220=^tPrism of Venom
tagSkillClassName1221=^tAbjurer
tagSkillClassName1222=^tFlamecaller
tagSkillClassName1223=^tElemental Stormbringer
tagSkillClassName1224=^tMentalist
tagSkillClassName1225=[ms]Equilibrium Lord[fs]Equilibrium Lady
tagSkillClassName1226=^tPrismatist
tagSkillClassName1227=^tPrismatic Blade
#tagSkillClassName1227=^tChemist
tagSkillClassName1228=^tFluomant
tagSkillClassName1229=^tCursed Elementals
tagSkillClassName1230=^tElemental Riftmancer

#TERROR KNIGHT
tagSkillClassName1314=^tDoomlord
tagSkillClassName1315=^tNightmare
#tagSkillClassName1315=^tNightmare
tagSkillClassName1316=^tDark Guardian
tagSkillClassName1317=^tDesolator
tagSkillClassName1318=^tDementor
tagSkillClassName1319=^tBerserker
tagSkillClassName1320=^tToxificator
tagSkillClassName1321=^tNight Terror
tagSkillClassName1322=^tFlame Knight
tagSkillClassName1323=^tMyrmidon
tagSkillClassName1324=^tFear Eater
tagSkillClassName1325=^tMadness Knight
tagSkillClassName1326=^tHoly Terror
tagSkillClassName1327=^tDeath Edge
#tagSkillClassName1327=^tBloodsmith
tagSkillClassName1328=^tDark Paladin
tagSkillClassName1329=^tBoogeyman
tagSkillClassName1330=^tAbyssal Magi

#ARCH NECRO
tagSkillClassName1415=^tNecro Binder
tagSkillClassName1416=^tBulwark of Death
tagSkillClassName1417=^tBonestalker
tagSkillClassName1418=^tBanshee
tagSkillClassName1419=^tRevenant Vanguard
tagSkillClassName1420=^tCorrosionist
tagSkillClassName1421=^tDeathblade
tagSkillClassName1422=^tTomblich
tagSkillClassName1423=^tWind of Death
tagSkillClassName1424=^tTainted Mindbearer
tagSkillClassName1425=^tDoomed
tagSkillClassName1426=^tCorruptor
tagSkillClassName1429=^tSpooker
#tagSkillClassName1427=^tCorruptor of Metal
tagSkillClassName1427=^tBone Blade
tagSkillClassName1428=^tDark Redeemer
tagSkillClassName1429=^tSpooker
tagSkillClassName1430=^tVoice of the Abyss

#ILLUSIONIST
#tagSkillClassName1516=^tSpellbinding Defender
#tagSkillClassName1517=^tTrapmaster
#tagSkillClassName1518=^tEidolon
#tagSkillClassName1519=^tSwiftblade
#tagSkillClassName1520=^tWanderer
#tagSkillClassName1521=^tNinja
#tagSkillClassName1522=^tKindred
#tagSkillClassName1523=^tMistclouder
#tagSkillClassName1524=^tSkald
#tagSkillClassName1525=[ms]Almucantar[fs]Almucantara
#tagSkillClassName1526=^tDemagouge
#tagSkillClassName1527=^tGadgeteer
#tagSkillClassName1528=^tTower of ID
#tagSkillClassName1529=^tShadowmancer
#tagSkillClassName1530=^tBasilisk

#Mystic Warrior
tagSkillClassName1516=^tAetherial Defender
tagSkillClassName1517=^tAetherial Hunter
tagSkillClassName1518=^tAetherial Conquerer
tagSkillClassName1519=^tAetherial Guardian
tagSkillClassName1520=^tAetherial Corsair
tagSkillClassName1521=^tAetherial Juggernaut
tagSkillClassName1522=^tAetherial Stormtrooper
tagSkillClassName1523=^tAetherial Templar
tagSkillClassName1524=^tAetherial Demon
tagSkillClassName1525=^tAetherial Corruption
tagSkillClassName1526=^tAetherial Bastard
#tagSkillClassName1527=^tTechnician
tagSkillClassName1527=^tCombat Master
tagSkillClassName1528=^tDivine Aetherial
tagSkillClassName1529=^tAetherial Medicineman
tagSkillClassName1530=^tAetherial Hunter

#Defense
tagSkillClassName1617=^tTrapmaster
tagSkillClassName1618=^tEidolon
tagSkillClassName1619=^tSwiftblade
tagSkillClassName1620=^tWanderer
tagSkillClassName1621=^tNinja
tagSkillClassName1622=^tKindred
tagSkillClassName1623=^tMistclouder
tagSkillClassName1624=^tSkald
tagSkillClassName1625=[ms]Almucantar[fs]Almucantara
tagSkillClassName1626=^tDemagouge
tagSkillClassName1627=^tFreelance
tagSkillClassName1628=^tTower of ID
tagSkillClassName1629=^tShadowmancer
tagSkillClassName1630=^tBasilisk

#HUNTING
tagSkillClassName1718=^tBone Charmer
tagSkillClassName1719=^tSlayer
tagSkillClassName1720=^tRanger
tagSkillClassName1721=^tBrigand
tagSkillClassName1722=^tAvenger
tagSkillClassName1723=^tSage
tagSkillClassName1724=^tHaruspex
tagSkillClassName1725=^tPioneer
tagSkillClassName1726=^tPawang
#tagSkillClassName1727=^tTechnotracer
tagSkillClassName1727=^tGreen Berret
tagSkillClassName1728=^tOathbound
tagSkillClassName1729=^tHippy
tagSkillClassName1730=^tDark Pawang

#SPIRIT
tagSkillClassName1819=^tRevenant
tagSkillClassName1820=^tSoothsayer
tagSkillClassName1821=^tSouldrinker
tagSkillClassName1822=^tConjurer
tagSkillClassName1823=^tOracle
tagSkillClassName1824=^tDiabolist
tagSkillClassName1825=^tThanatotheurge
tagSkillClassName1826=^tSoul Weaver
tagSkillClassName1827=^tPoltergeist
#tagSkillClassName1827=^tEnsouler
tagSkillClassName1828=^tSeraphim
tagSkillClassName1829=^tPoltergeist
tagSkillClassName1830=^tDark Caller

#WARFARE
tagSkillClassName1920=^tNomad
tagSkillClassName1921=^tExecutioner
tagSkillClassName1922=^tEarthshaker
tagSkillClassName1923=^tTyphoon
tagSkillClassName1924=^tHarbinger
tagSkillClassName1925=^tShooting Star
tagSkillClassName1926=^tChaplain
#tagSkillClassName1927=^tSapper
tagSkillClassName1927=^tLandsknecht
tagSkillClassName1928=^tHoly Warrior
tagSkillClassName1929=^tCaptain Dead
tagSkillClassName1930=^tWar Mage

#NATURE
tagSkillClassName2021=^tIllusionist
tagSkillClassName2022=^tSummoner
tagSkillClassName2023=^tWrath of Gaia
tagSkillClassName2024=^tRitualist
tagSkillClassName2025=^tAdventurer
tagSkillClassName2026=^tHierophant
tagSkillClassName2027=^tBruiser
#tagSkillClassName2027=^tForest Tinker
tagSkillClassName2028=[ms]Priest[fs]Priestess
tagSkillClassName2029=^tSwamp Dweller
tagSkillClassName2030=^tGrand Druid

#STEALTH
tagSkillClassName2122=^tMagician
tagSkillClassName2123=^tSorcerer
tagSkillClassName2124=^tDreamkiller
tagSkillClassName2125=^tDreamer
tagSkillClassName2126=^tBard
#tagSkillClassName2127=^tTinker
tagSkillclassName2127=^tShadow
tagSkillClassName2128=^tWicked Apostle
tagSkillClassName2129=^tCursed Shadows
tagSkillClassName2130=^tShadoweaver

#EARTH
tagSkillClassName2223=^tTectonist
tagSkillClassName2224=^tEvoker
tagSkillClassName2225=^tMeteor Mage
tagSkillClassName2226=^tBright Flame
tagSkillClassName2227=^tFirebrand
#tagSkillClassName2227=^tFlame Dancer
tagSkillClassName2228=^tCelestial Molder
tagSkillClassName2229=^tCursed Earth
tagSkillClassName2230=^tMagmiliar

#STORM
tagSkillClassName2324=^tProphet
tagSkillClassName2325=^tJupiter
tagSkillClassName2326=^tConductor
tagSkillClassName2327=^tElectromancer
tagSkillClassName2328=^tThunder Gale
tagSkillClassName2329=^tBoomer
tagSkillClassName2330=^tThunder Mage

#DREAM
tagSkillClassName2425=^tAberrant Mind
tagSkillClassName2426=^tChanter
tagSkillClassName2427=^tPsychopath
#tagSkillClassName2427=^tErudite
tagSkillClassName2428=^tDiviner
tagSkillClassName2429=^tCursed Dreams
tagSkillClassName2430=^tAetherial Magister

#VOIDCALLER
tagSkillClassName2526=[ms]Astrum[fs]Astris
#tagSkillClassName2527=^tAstromancer
tagSkillClassName2527=^tNihlist
tagSkillClassName2528=^tEnlightened
tagSkillClassName2529=^tDevil's Advocate
tagSkillClassName2530=^tNujoom

#ENCHANTER
#tagSkillClassName2627=^tTechnomancer
tagSkillClassName2627=^tPilgrim
tagSkillClassName2628=^tCleric
tagSkillClassName2629=^tTwisted Pine
tagSkillClassName2630=^tHelpful Braggart

#ENGINEER
#tagSkillClassName2728=^tMedic
#tagSkillClassName2729=^tCursed Machine
#tagSkillClassName2730=^tWarcaster

#Mercenary
tagSkillClassName2728=^tHoly Ghost
tagSkillClassName2729=^tAcolyte
tagSkillClassName2730=^tDemonslayer

#CENOBITE
tagSkillClassName2829=^tYin Yang
tagSkillClassName2830=^tAnchorite

#DEMON HUNTER
tagSkillClassName2930=^tFiend Hunter
