#Skills

tagDevotion_B12=Bysmiel's Bonds
tagDevotion_B12Desc=It is said that Bysmiel, the witch god, was headed to the gallows when she abandoned his mortal form and ascended into the heavens, her broken chains the only sign of her escape.

#Basilisks Fang proc desc change (corn 033)
tagItemSkillCornD221Desc=Foes you strike you become infected with basilisk blood which, just like the beast's unusual glare, can turn a creature to solid stone.

tagItemSkillD236Name=Justicar's Guard
tagItemSkillD236Desc=The Grand Arbiter stands resolute against any blow. ^oThis is a melee passive bonus.

tagItemSkillCornA01Name=Pack Mentality
tagItemSkillCornA01Desc=Push on with the vigor of a pack of Rifthounds.

tagItemSkillCornB01Name=Bloodsworn Sigil
tagItemSkillCornB01Desc=Creates an occult sigil on the ground that damages enemies with chaotic energies.

tagItemSkillCornB02Name=Chaos Core
tagItemSkillCornB02Desc=Unleash the residual chaos magic left in this fallen defiler's husk.

tagItemSkillCornB03Name=Groble Firecaller
tagItemSkillCornB03Desc=Pleased with the violence of this effigy's wielder, the groble fire spirits deign to assist you in carnage.

tagItemSkillCornB04Name=Viloth's Festering Pool
tagItemSkillCornB04Desc=The Corruptor's pool of ice and acid below forms below your enemy's feet, ensuring a gruesome death.

tagItemSkillCornB05Name=Underdweller's Tenacity
tagItemSkillCornB05Desc=The harder his life became, the harder Gollus clung to it.

tagItemSkillCornB06Name=Curse of Arkovia
tagItemSkillCornB06Desc=Much like their wrath, the punishment of the Arkovians will be eternal and severe.

tagItemSkillCornB07Name=Nightmage's Frost
tagItemSkillCornB07Desc=Those targeted by the Nightmage would be subjected to the cruelest of chills.

tagItemSkillCornB08Name=Carnage
tagItemSkillCornB08Desc=The most notorious of mass murderers find vitality in the death and slaughter they cause.

tagItemSkillCornB09Name=Bloodlust
tagItemSkillCornB09Desc=Your need to kill gnaws at your very life but also fills you with a powerful bloodlust.

tagItemSkillCornB10Name=Scorn for Humanity
tagItemSkillCornB10Desc=You share your hatred for humanity with your allies, increasing your party's killing intent.

tagItemSkillCornB11Name=Hailstorm
tagItemSkillCornB11Desc=Conjure a raging hailstorm that batters foes with falling ice. 
tagItemSkillCornBName01_Pet=Tempest

tagItemSkillCornB12Name=True Power
tagItemSkillCornB12Desc="You are strong, but now you will face my true powerRRAAAARRRRRGGGGGHHHHHHH!"

tagItemSkillCornB13Name=Possessed Commander
tagItemSkillCornB13Desc=Your vast experience fighting the Aether allows you to both empower your allies attacks as well as bolster their defenses against the corruption. ^oThis ability must be toggled to maintain its effect.

tagItemSkillCornB14Name=Aether Discharge
tagItemSkillCornB14Desc=A discharge of aether-lightning erupts around you, damaging nearby foes.

tagItemSkillCornB15Name=Summon Hellion
tagItemSkillCornB15Desc=Seeking to reduce the risk of a summoning backlash, masters of the Bloodsworn devised a method to bind fiends to runes scribed onto their armaments. Their favored pet is now yours to command.
tagItemSkillCornB15PetDesc=Bound Hellion

tagItemSkillCornB16Name=Peering into Madness
tagItemSkillCornB16Desc=Dreeg has blessed you with a sliver of insight into the Eldritch. The visions cling to your very essence, and may infect the minds of those who antagonize you. 

tagItemSkillCornB17Name=Aether Blast

tagItemSkillCornB18Name=Spectral Frost
tagItemSkillCornB18Desc=Release a wave of netherworldly frost, freezing your enemies through body and spirit.

tagItemSkillCornB19Name=Might of Kilrian
tagItemSkillCornB19Desc=The dark flames of Kilrian clung to his soul, forever igniting him with a hatred for all things living. His sins are now your strength.

tagItemSkillCornB20Name=Overseer's Gaze
tagItemSkillCornB20Desc=Pulled from a fresh corpse, the eye in your hand quivers and twitches, ever-staring. Its planar gaze finds weakness in flesh and reveals it to you.

tagItemSkillCornB21Name=Burning Stare
tagItemSkillCornB21Desc=You bring new meaning to making people feel like your eyes are "burning holes through" them. Because your eyes actually burn holes through them.

tagItemSkillCornB22Name=Blackflame Veil
tagItemSkillCornB22Desc=You shroud yourself in an aura of chaosflame, scorching all foes who draw too close.

tagItemSkillCornB23Name=Ball of Hate
tagItemSkillCornB23Desc=While this helm you hear whispers and ravings of wrath and madness. The voices help you channel your hatred into physical form, a sphere of baleful spite which whirls around you angrily.

tagItemSkillCornB24Name=Primordian's Venom
tagItemSkillCornB24Desc=Enriched by shamanistic insights, the Forgotten One's venom corrodes your opponent's veins and saps their defenses.

tagItemSkillCornB25Name=One with Death
tagItemSkillCornB25Desc=By entering a trance-like state your armaments are empowered with netherworldy magic, but maintaining such power requires extreme concentration.

tagItemSkillCornB26Name=Siphon Soul
tagItemSkillCornB26Desc=To your surprise, a corrupt arcanist seems to have bound a malevolent spirit to this shoulderpad. It promises you, its new master, a symbiotic relationship so long as you let it feed on the life force of your fallen enemies.

tagItemSkillCornB27Name=Guthook
tagItemSkillCornB27Desc=The spirit of this belt still hungers for entrails. A chained hook lashes out at your enemies whenever the belt is immersed by the smell of blood.

tagItemSkillCornB28Name=Iskandra's Triumph
tagItemSkillCornB28Desc=After years of effort, Iskandra finally succeeded in being able to imbue weapons with a simpler version of her Elemental Exchange spell. Over time the prospect of her accomplishment changing the face of war for the worst caused her to err on the side of caution. Despite being a triumph in the Arcane Arts, Iskandra and her most trusted students reclaimed and destroyed as many traces of this ability as they could.  ^oRequires a focus or shield.

tagItemSkillCorn29Name=Ruler of the Damned
tagItemSkillCorn29Desc=By channeling Energy through this crown you project it's dark yet regal aura outward, empowering you and your allies' affinity for dark magic.

tagItemSkillCornB30Name=Wit's End
tagItemSkillCornB30Desc=Pull out all the stops as you near your wit's end.

tagItemSkillCornB31Name=Shattered Ice
tagItemSkillCornB31Desc=Launch orbs rock solid ice to shatter against your enemies.

tagItemSkillCornB32Name=Ikrix's Carapace
tagItemSkillCornB32Desc=Enchant your armor to absorb, amplify, and discharge the kinetic energy of your enemies' blows.

tagItemSkillCornB33Name=Rogue Stormbearer
tagItemSkillCornB33Desc=Not all who joined Kymon's ranks stayed. Some came only for power and fortune, only to slink away when new opportunity presented itself. One such rogue stormbearer has decided to throw her lot in with you.

tagItemSkillCornB34Name=Mark of Valdaran
tagItemSkillCornB34Desc=Valdaran, the Storm Scourge was known for crippling his prey's resistances before striking them down. Studying his corpse and lightning-infused aether crystals has granted you insight into one of his magical curses.

tagItemSkillCornB35Name=Benn'Jahr's Rage
tagItemSkillCornB35Desc=Born deep in the void, Benn'Jahr always represented the most ferocious and brutal aspects of Chaos. Fashioning a set of pauldrons from his husk, you feel his ever-burning rage course through you, craving to be released.

tagItemSkillCornB36Name=Blades of Death
tagItemSkillCornB36Desc=Release a pair of blades infused with deathly magic that swirl around you.

tagItemSkillCornB37Name=Killing Spree
tagItemSkillCornB37Desc=The blood of a gladiator courses through you. You remember the cheers of the crowd pushing you further as you killed foes in quick succession, and your blood boils for more. ^oThis skill stacks with each kill.

tagItemSkillCornB38Name=Gut
tagItemSkillCornB38Desc=Slice into your enemy's intestines and let them bleed out.

tagItemSkillCornB39Name=Aetherburn Aura
tagItemSkillCornB39Desc=Garb yourself in a thick cloud of aether energy that burns all foes who come too close.

tagItemSkillCornB40Name=Make `em Bleed
tagItemSkillCornB40Desc=Slice into your enemy's vitals with murderous intent, inflicting horrifically grievous wounds upon them.

tagItemSkillCornB41Name=Destabilization Aura
tagItemSkillCornB41BName=Destabilization Totem
tagItemSkillCornB41BDesc=Conjure up a totem which destabilizes the material plane around it, weakening foes to the arcane.

tagItemPetSkillCorn01Name=Scepter Attacks

tagItemSkillCornC01Name=Empyrion's Caress
tagItemSkillCornC01Desc=The light of Empyrion mends the wounds and of nearby allies.

tagItemSkillCornC02Name=Valiant Shout
tagItemSkillCornC02Desc=Embolden nearby allies with a charismatic cheer.

tagItemSkillCornC03Name=Toxic Lob
tagItemSkillCornC03Desc=An aura of sickly Miasma swirls around you as if alive. It bombards those who dare attack you with lobs of toxic energy.

tagItemSkillCornC04Name=Praetorian Loyalty
tagItemSkillCornC04Desc=A Praetorian's Loyalty is both a reflection of their steadfast nature and a source of their unwavering strength.

tagItemSkillCornC05Name=Starfall
tagItemSkillCornC05Desc=Frozen stars scream down from the heavens.

tagItemSkillCornC06Name=Void Tear
tagItemSkillCornC06Desc=A tear in the realm of chaos opens, spitting out bolts of energy.

tagItemSkillCornC07Name=Aura of Mourning
tagItemSkillCornC07Desc=A cold aura of grief fills the air around you, empowering the attacks of you and your allies with icy despair.

tagItemSkillCornC08Name=Mutated Matriarch
tagItemSkillCornC08Desc=Summon a rifthound matriarch, twisted and tormented by the Arcane.

tagItemSkillCornC09Name=Eldritch Aura
tagItemSkillCornC09Desc=The Matriarch's infusion with Aether energies allows her to imbue her pack with Eldritch power.

tagItemSkillCornC10Name=Blackwater Cocktails

tagItemSkillCornC11Name=Riposte
tagItemSkillCornC11Desc=You pivot, parry, and retaliate with a quick thrust. ^oRequires a sword.

tagItemSkillCornC12Name=Infected Locusts
tagItemSkillCornC12Desc=Unleash plagued locusts that spread a deadly virus.

tagItemSkillCornC13Name=Krieg's Fury
tagItemSkillCornC13Desc=The Warden's undying rage still lingers on his instrument of pain, waiting to be unleashed once more.

tagItemSkillCornC14Name=Aether Barrage
tagItemSkillCornC14Desc=Cleave through the planes of aether, dispersing bursts of energy.

tagItemSkillCornC15Name=Aethersteel Orbiter
tagItemSkillCornC15Desc=Legend has it that the mad Arcanist, Kallazar, was cast out of the Academy for his perpetual, terrible puns.

tagItemSkillCornC16Name=Barthollem's Inferno
tagItemSkillCornC16Desc=Invoke an aspect of Archon Barthollem to incinerate your foes.

tagItemSkillCornC17Desc=Olexra imbued her cousin's sword with some of her magic in the hopes of protecting him in the war. Nevertheless, he fell and Chillblaze was thought to be lost forever.

tagItemSkillCornC18Name=Trollborne Presence
tagItemSkillCornC18Description=The presence of a trollborne weapon imbues you and your allies with the trolls' exceptional resilience. ^oMust be toggled to maintain its effect.

tagItemSkillCornC19Name=Mark of the False Gods
tagItemSkillCornC19Desc=You brand your enemies with the mark of the forbidden ones, weakening their resistance to their dark magics.

tagItemSkillCornD118Name=Invoker's Secret
tagItemSkillCornD118Desc=The Invoker's mastery over magic has inspired many unusual techniques, including a little trick the Invoker used to deter foes from even coming near. ^oRequires a Staff, Caster Off-Hand or Shield.

tagItemSkillD139Name=Might of Beronath
tagItemSkillD139Desc=Channel the might of the great beast Beronath. {^n}^oRequires a shield.

tagItemSkillCornD01Name=Ulzuin's Flames
tagItemSkillCornD01Desc=The flames of Ulzuin spread out amongst your foes, weakening them for further assault.

tagItemSkillCornD02Name=Whirlwind
tagItemSkillCornD02Desc=In the blink of an eye, hundreds of phantasmal blades encircle you at lethal speed, cutting down adjacent foes.

tagItemSkillCornD03Name=Fade from Reality
tagItemSkillCornD03Desc=When a foe lands a particularly crippling blow, the protective nature of this mantle will fade you out of the physical realm so that you can recover. ^oRequires a Caster Off-Hand or Weapon.

tagItemSkillCornD04Name=Invoker's Blaze
tagItemSkillCornD04Desc=A surging maelstrom of flame and ice manifests itself at your command.

tagItemSkillCornD05Name=Summon Thorned Horror
tagItemSkillCornD05Desc=Briarthorns corrupted by the Grim Dawn were transformed into Thorned Horrors. However, your connection to nature has grown so strong that even these warped creatures will answer your call.

tagItemSkillCornD06Name=Paladin's Vanguard
tagItemSkillCornD06Desc=Divinesteel shall protect you and your allies from all foes, even if they be alien or demonic in nature.

tagItemSkillCornD07Name=Arc
tagItemSkillCornD07Desc=Ulzuin's incendiary power is limitless, and melts the physical forms of nearby enemies when unleashed.

tagItemSkillCornD08Name=Wyrmlightning
tagItemSkillCornD08Desc=The wyrmscale empowers you with fire and lightning. Those who dare to strike you risk unleashing the dragon's retribution.

tagItemSkillCornD09Name=Hammerfall
tagItemSkillCornD09Desc=A celestial hammer plummets from the sky, smashing your foes into smithereens.

tagItemSkillCornD10Name=Summon Thorned Horror
tagItemSkillCornD10Desc=Briarthorns corrupted by the Grim Dawn were transformed into Thorned Horrors. However, your connection to nature has grown so strong that even these warped creatures will answer your call.

tagItemSkillCornD11Name=Night's Embrace
tagItemSkillCornD11Desc=Enemies close to you feel night's cold embrace, lulling them to an eternal sleep.

tagItemSkillCornD12Name=Fiend's Flesh
tagItemSkillCornD12Desc=The flesh of a fiend protects you. Your wounds knit and your tissues mend rapidly. No longer hindered by flesh wounds, only critical blows will slay you. ^oAbsorbs chaos and aether damage.

tagItemSkillCornD13Name=Dharma of the Immortal Sage
tagItemSkillCornD13Desc=Despite his students' efforts, none gained sufficient insight into Tagatha's principle of the immortal Zen. Still, some of his relics remain behind to provide glimpses of inspiration in times of need.

tagItemSkillCornD14Name=Panetti's Missile Barrage
tagItemSkillCornD14Desc=Panetti and his brightest pupils worked together to forge this grand scepter. With it, an arcanist could further defy the laws of conservation of energy and conjure 3 replicating missiles at once. It turns out, quantity can beat quality.

TagItemPetSkillCornC01Name=Lightning Bolt
TagItemPetSkillCornC02Name=Lightning Nova
TagItemPetSkillCornD01Name=Razorwave
TagItemPetSkillCornD02Name=Overwhelming Roar
TagItemThornD01=Thorned Horror

tagClass05SkillName16A=Olexra's Flash Freeze
tagClass05SkillDescription16A=A victim of political intrigue, Olexra was condemned to the Black Legion where her former life of arcane academia turned into a bitter struggle to survive on the frontlines of a brutal war. Olexra quickly put her studies to practical use, developing a technique to flash freeze enemies who made it within striking distance. ^oThis spell freezes enemies for its duration. Enemies resistant to freeze effects will freeze intermittingly, if at all, but will endure the full duration of the other debuffs.

tagClass05SkillName02D=Manifestation
tagClass05SkillDescription02D=Arcane energies manifest in many forms. Arcanists do, too; many who delve into the art of summoning often transfer some of their power to their loyal minions so that they can better serve the will of their masters. ^oRemoves the radius component from IEE (undisplayed in tooltip, but it works).

tagClass05SkillDescription01A=The greatest of the Cortosian Arcanists, Panetti devoted himself to advancing the classic arcane missile. His triumph is an alteration that seemingly defies the laws of conservation of energy, causing the missile to be replicated on impact, spawning multiple copies of itself. ^rRequires 1 non-refundable skill point to use.

tagCornClass04SkillDescription06C=Adept Nightblades can pull energy from the air or even foes their weapons come in contact with to deliver blows of intense cold.^o Grants flat cold damage at ultimate ranks.

tagClass04SkillDescription01A=A legendary technique of the Nightblades. Hurl conjured blades infused with shadow magic that rend through flesh like paper. ^rRequires one non-refundable skill point to use.

tagClass04SkillName04C=Ring of Venom
tagClass04SkillDescription04C=A powerful pneumatic technique causes the ring of steel to draw energy from the nearby air, translating one's piercing damage into alchemically enhanced acid damage, whilst also petrifying afflicted enemies.

tagClass03SkillName01E=Lightning Storm
tagClass03SkillDescription01E=Your familiar calls forth a powerful lightning storm to electrocute swaths of foes.

tagClass03SkillDescription11A=Summons one of the infinite eyes of Dreeg, the great guardian of the hidden realm. The eye quickly speeds toward the target and then detonates itself. ^rRequires one non-refundable skill point to use.

tagClass03SkillNameCorn01A=Entropic Rupture
tagClass03SkillDescriptionCorn01A=Upon slaying a foe, the Doom Bolt utilizes the blood of the fallen to summon a well of entropic energies near other lifeforms.

tagClass02SkillDescription03A=A deadly alchemical technique causes martial attacks to combust the air around the enemy. ^oWhen used as your default weapon attack, Fire Strike inflicts additional damage. ^rRequires one non-refundable skill point to use.

tagClass02SkillName09C=Quick Jacks
tagClass02SkillDescription09C=Quick Jacks lose most of the stopping power of Stun Jacks but can be thrown in rapid succession to spread devastating electrical damage among large packs of foes.

tagClass02SkillName08D=High Potency
tagClass02SkillDescription08D=This more potent formulation degrades your foes' ability to fight.

tagClass02SkillName07B=Ulzuin's Chosen
tagClass02SkillDescription07B=Those who have sacrificed much in the pursuit of pyrotechnics eventually come to be favored by Ulzuin, receiving his blessing in wreaking fiery devastation upon the world. {^n}^oMust be toggled to maintain its effect.

tagClass02SkillName05C="The Big One"
tagClass02SkillDescription05C=Loads the Mortar Trap with a devastating bomb known only as "The Big One", which will fire at the beginning of the trap's barrage. The resulting colossal explosion will leave your enemies shellshocked, if they survive at all.

tagClass02SkillName01C=Skyfire Grenado
tagClass02SkillDescription01C=When just exploding an enemy is not enough, this alchemical alteration to Grenado's chemistry unleashes a maelstrom of electricity upon detonation in an even larger radius than before.

tagClass01SkillName02B=Rending Force
tagClass01SkillDescription02B=Forcewave shatters enemy armor and resists, making them more susceptible to physical attacks.

tagClass01SkillName01E=Shred
tagClass01SkillDescription01E=For Sheriff Harmon Griffith, bringing law to the lands of Burrwitch sometimes meant cutting down several faraway criminals at once. ^oRequires a ranged weapon.

tagClass01SkillName01F=Two-Handed Stance

tagClass01SkillName01B=Fighting Form
tagClass01SkillDescription01B=The fury of Cadence resonates with the target, causing heavy bleeding and striking additional nearby targets. ^o When used with a two-handed melee weapon, Cadence has a chance to unleash a shockwave.

tagClass01SkillName01A=Cadence
tagClass01SkillDescription01A=The use of weapon forms in combat gives your attacks a natural cadence with peaks and ebbs that, while predictable, are none the less effective and difficult to counter.  ^oWhen used as your default weapon attack, Cadence will magnify the power of periodic strikes.

#Items

tag60OAshield=60% OA Shield
tag60OAshieldlore=In loving memory of Rank Arkovian

tagCompA003Name=Sanctified Bone
tagCompA003Desc="The purified bones of a paladin slain in righteous combat."^w^n(Used in chest armor only)

tagCompA006Name=Mutagenic Ichor
tagCompA006Desc="Discharge from the creatures of Cairn infected with otherwordly energies."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA012Name=Blessed Steel
tagCompA012Desc="Steel blessed by the priests of Menhir to vanquish the spreading darkness."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompB013Desc="It fills your mind with the maddening whispers of trapped spirits."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and amulets)

tagCompA014Name=Purified Salt
tagCompA014Desc="Rock salt extracted for the exorcism and deterrence of otherworldly demons."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA015Name=Hollowed Fang
tagCompA015Desc="A curved fang intended for the consumption of vital fluids."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA016Name=Severed Claw
tagCompA016Desc="A ruthless claw torn from the limb of a mighty beast."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA017Name=Imbued Silver
tagCompA017Desc="Silver dust enhanced with powerful sorcery."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA018Name=Vicious Spikes
tagCompA018Desc="Savage spikes from an unnatural being."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA020Name=Hell's Bane Ammo
tagCompA020Desc="Consecrated ammunition intended to inflict great pain upon those of impure intent."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA021Name=Deathchill Bolts
tagCompA021Desc="Deliver the cold chill of death upon your enemies."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA025Name=Enchanted Flint
tagCompA025Desc="This enchanted flint will impart a spirit of flame within any weapon it caresses."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA026Name=Coldstone
tagCompA026Desc="In folklore, these mysterious stones that radiate cold are said to be the hearts of banished revenants."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA027Name=Amber
tagCompA027Desc="It is said that sometimes storm spirits become entrapped in the crystalized sap of lightning struck trees."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA028Name=Vitriolic Gallstone
tagCompA028Desc="Vitriolic stones formed in the bile of foul beasts."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA032Name=Flintcore Bolts
tagCompA032Desc="The enchanted core sparks flame with any surface."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA033Name=Venom-Tipped Ammo
tagCompA033Desc="Toxins from a poisonous maw coat the tip of this ammunition."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA038Name=Serrated Spike
tagCompA038Desc="A flimsy but extremely sharp spike from a beast."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA039Name=Searing Ember
tagCompA039Desc="An everlasting ember from a burnt-down home."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA040Name=Chilled Steel
tagCompA040Desc="This steel is infused with a chilling winter wind."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA041Name=Cracked Lodestone
tagCompA041Desc="Sparks of energy jump across its surface."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA042Name=Chipped Claw
tagCompA042Desc="A claw from a ruthless predator that finally met its match."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA055Name=Wrathstone
tagCompA055Desc="It vibrates at the slightest contact with living flesh."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA056Name=Riftstone
tagCompA056Desc="Teeming with the raw power of the void."^w^n(Used in melee weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA057Name=Aethersteel Bolts
tagCompA057Desc="Augmented with the essence of Aetherial monstrosities."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompA058Name=Void-Touched Ammo
tagCompA058Desc="Dipped in fresh Chthonian blood."^w^n(Used in guns, crossbows, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompB011Name=^kSymbol of Solael
tagCompB011Desc="A secret symbol used by followers of Solael to identify themselves to one another."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompB012Name=^kMark of Dreeg
tagCompB012Desc="An inscription of a lidless eye dripping tears of vitriolic blood."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and jewelry)

tagCompB013Name=^kHaunted Steel
tagCompB013Desc="It fills your mind with the maddening whispers of trapped spirits."^w^n(Used in all weapons, shields, caster off-hands, and rings)

tagCompB014Name=^kShard of Beronath
tagCompB014Desc="But a piece of the legendary spear that felled Beronath, yet still retains great power."^w^n(Used in melee weapons and jewelry)

tagCompB015Name=^kBloody Whetstone
tagCompB015Desc="Soaked in the blood of the fallen, this accursed whetstone gives blades a hunger for blood."^w^n(Used in axes, swords, and jewelry)

tagCompB021Name=^kOleron's Blood
tagCompB021Desc="Sacred blood of the war god."^w^n(Used in all weapons and jewelry)

tagItemMutatedMatriach=Mutated Matriarch
tagcornRelicSkillC012Desc=Push the advantage, unleashing a flurry of attacks upon landing a critical blow.

tagcornRelicSkillB012Name=Two Become One
tagcornRelicSkillB012Desc=Your dual arts have reached their absolute pinnacle. Your two weapons act in comeplete unity, striking the enemy three times with complete fluidity. It is your enemy's honor to be slain by such a beautiful attack.

#CORNUCOPIA-+10-ITEM-TAGS
tagClass02ItemSkillName01=^r100% Firestrike lightning->cold conversion

tagClass03ItemSkillName01=^r+5 Dreeg's Evil Eye fragments

tagClass04ItemSkillName01=^r+2 Phantasmal Blade projectiles

tagClass05ItemSkillName01=^r60% PRM elemental->lightning conversion

#CORNUCOPIA-OCCULTISTREDUX-TAGS

tagBoDTransmuterName=Communion of the Three
tagBoDTransmuterDesc=The Three Witch Gods, while at times rivals with each other, were not unfamiliar with sharing their powers amongst themselves to further their needs.

tagClass03SkillDescription04A=A binding with the great guardian confers some of Dreeg's regenerative ability, while wounds inflicted by enemies will spray caustic blood as though inflicted upon Dreeg himself. ^oThis effect is also applied to nearby allies. This ability must be toggled to maintain its effect.

tagVitalAttack1Name=Vital Assault
tagVitalAttack1Desc=Few Occultists chose to get their hands dirty with techniques beyond casting and summoning, but those that did knew how to proficiently target the lifeblood of their foes. ^oWhen used as your default weapon attack, Vital Assault inflicts additional damage.
tagVitalAttack2Name=Life Leech
tagVitalAttack2Desc=As you attack your foes with greater force, pull power from the arts of the occult to siphon the life of your foes into your own.